Update index.md (#4418)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/install/networked/index.md

This command opens the URL of the Kommander web interface in your default browser, and prints the username and password in the CLI.

> If you prefer not to open your browseror are running the dkp CLI from a host that does not have a browser installed, run this command to retrieve the URL used for accessing Kommander's web interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer not to open your browser, or are running the DKP CLI from a host that does not have a browser installed, run this command to retrieve the URL used for accessing Kommander's UI:
```
